ogc api (#776)
MerginMaps/docs: src/gis/ogc-api/index.md

![Enabling OGC API access for Mergin Maps project](./dashboard-project-ogc-api-enabled.webp "Enabling OGC API access for Mergin Maps project")

**WFS URL** and **WMS / WMTS URL** can be copied and used, e.g., to [connect to these services in QGIS](#wms-wmts-and-wfs-connection-in-qgis).

## Setup WMS, WMTS and WFS properties in QGIS
In QGIS, you can define which layers and fields from your project should be published via WMS/WMTS and WFS.

Explore the **QGIS server** tab in **Project Properties**:
- in the **Service Capabilities** tab, you can (optionally) define the *title* and other metadata of your service
- in the **WMTS** and **WFS** tabs, select the layers that should be published

![QGIS server tab in Project Properties](./qgis-project-properties-qgis-server.webp "QGIS server tab in Project Properties")

There may be some fields that you do not want to publish. These can be defined in the **Layer Properties** in the **Fields** tab for each field of the layer: 
![Layer Properties do not expose fields via WMS and WFS](./qgis-layer-properties-fields.webp "Layer Properties do not expose fields via WMS and WFS")

Save and synchronise the project.

> ## WMS/WMTS and WFS connection in QGIS

Reviewer: How about stating this is an example of how to use the url?
```suggestion
## Example WMS/WMTS and WFS connection in QGIS
```

> [WFS URL and WMS/WMTS URL](#enabling-ogc-api-access) from the dashboard can be used to load the web services to QGIS (or other software) to display the project data.

Reviewer: Same here
```suggestion
[WFS URL and WMS/WMTS URL](#enabling-ogc-api-access) from the dashboard can be used to load the web services to any software with support for WFS and/or WMS (for example QGIS) to display the project data.
```
